The type of data we want to store. So this is. so they send back in Java to declare by. Julian, with the double, with the string. So you start the variable once. If it's in need and the. assign it value or you need it. Are we obtaining such a? So I'll bring in the board. We have incident markets. A student marks is called 78 meters for student mark. We cannot store anything else and type integers.
That is where you can be tricky. A double has a wider storage space and Bentley incident, so it means that in the forest is higher from what is their own numbers, religious and dogs are numbers because the double has a widest resistance when the compiler is creating a decrease, a large space for to be considered an integer in there. But if we have an integer, we cannot score a double digit Why is that the case? Because the illegal storage is smaller, so we cannot put a double in that value. Are we OK? So that is for your information. So as I say, the in double adjusted by the height of the.
But by default, most of the variable types will declare and don't assign the value. It assigns the default value to it. So if you declare a double or at least. a way of being that means you should not forget about the silicon freezer.
So again, we need to understand the type of variables we have in Java. I'm not. referring to the data types we can store the variables depending on whether. depending on where the variable is located, what we are using to modify the variable that are having as great. local variable is nothing variable. So anyway you display a variable and you start to start a student map. That means that variable is a static barring with parallel static modifying of modifying that variable static before the type of variable is making the static variable. When we talk about the local variable, it means that variable is declared inside the method.
When we declare a Bible that is outside the method, but in the class so how? side the main method, if we declare variables top of the main method of that method becomes to be something. Are we okay? It's in the same class as the mean as not in the main method Are we okay So again that viable should not be modified with this particular way.
Platform. inside of network. We are not using that network. We cannot access that. remember the variable student of we have qualified It is not inside members even if it inside the method he can give you out and the study. participation into the classroom. Class level and we apologize every day. Methodist. When that is beginning. and they worry about student masks. Doesn't have any qualifier. It is not suicide event as a squid. How you OK?
The aside, it will have that we are not, you know, the type of this option. So in the parallel to in Java, we have two data sizes in Java. These are the activity or.


What's up, baby? Make that video. Among the sancho, they're doing that. So we're trying to find the remainder What you can get.
Tom Buddy's so.